From Hansel minutes.com is
Hansel minutes or weekly discussion
with web developer and technologists.
Scott Hanselman posted by Carl Franklin.
This is Lawrence Ryan announcing show
number 82 recorded live Monday,
September 17, 2007. Support for
Hanselman it's is provided by
Tellerik already controls the most
comprehensive suite of components for
windows forms and asp.net web
applications. online@wwwdottlerikdotcomandby.net developers journal the
world's leading.net developer magazine online
at www dot  dot
com. In this episode, Scott
talks with Microsoft media center,
program manager, Charlie. Oh, Hi,
this is Scott Hanselman, and
this is another episode of
Hansel minutes and I am
actually sitting in the Microsoft
building 42. This is my
first podcast as an employee
of Microsoft. Hopefully they know
the first of many as
I'm going to be interviewing
people from all over Microsoft
and giving people an inside
view. And I'm sitting here
with my friend program manager,
Charlie Owen, from the media
center team who is just
showing me some pretty, really
cool stuff, actually running on
his Mac. And we're here
to talk about media center,
specifically the development side. Thanks
for taking the time. Oh,
pleasure to be here, Scott.
So I'm, I'm buying this
house and it's a two
story house and I want
to do some automation at
a big screen TV. I
got an Xbox three 60,
got the media center upstairs,
got the new windows. I'm
running windows ultimate. A lot
of people buy windows ultimate.
For some reason, they forget
that media center is sitting
right there. That's why you
buy ultimate. I want to
be able to write a
program that I can see
the layout of my house
on my big screen TV.
I want to integrate it
in a media center. How
do I, how do I
do that? How do I
do that as a developer?
How do I do that
as a hobbyist? How do
I do that? Well, First
of all, you'd get our
software development kit. That's available
from the web. We'll put
a link in them in
the show notes and basically
to create a windows media
center application. You need to
have a visual studio express
or notepad. If you really
wanted to get really geeky
on that, you need to
have a good firm grasp
of XML to use our
media center, markup language. All
of the visuals are basically
built out of PNGs plus
animations that you add on
top of those. And then
if you're going to do
a code behind part to
that, you would also need
to use a managed code.
We use most of all
of the examples that we
ship in the SDK, our
C sharp, but you could
choose visual basic or whatever.
So those things are kind
of like the basics that
you need to get to
get started. So when you
install the SDK, we'll give
you some IntelliSense for our
media center market language, which
is a declarative based language
that you actually describe the
visuals for your application. Okay?
So just like HTML is
rented by the browser media
center. Markup language is specific
to media center. This is
not something that I can
see in my browser when
I'm doing my debugging. When
I want to go and
do my edit, refresh, edit,
refresh, what tool am I
using to see a preview
of what this is going
to look like? So there's
a one tool that ships
in the SDK and it's
called the MCL pre-bill tool.
It's a short name is
M CML pad, which might
sound familiar to other technologies
that is really a tool
that's designed for rapid application
development. On the visual side.
It doesn't have any of
the media center, object model
or code behind there. It's
really designed for you while
you're working with the XML
and quickly iterating on the
design of either your page
layout, your individual controls within
that layout and so on
and so forth. Now, is
there a notion of navigation?
Is it like multiple pages,
multiple MCL files? Is that
how much of like a
browser is this? Because I'm
going to be coming at
this. And I think the
hobbyist would as a, a
person who could whip out
some HTML and a note
pad, save it and open
it up. So there is
a certain markup render or
market Brender kind of relationship.
Absolutely. Yeah. So there's definitely
the markup and renderer switch
between. So you'll be writing
your XML and then previewing
it or refreshing it in
the MCL preview tool. We
also ship a launcher experience
as well. That allows you
to have a history. So
you can double click on
a list of files, which
will open it up in
the preview tool and so
on and so forth. So
it makes it a little
bit nicer that switch or
being able to maintain multiple
files. Cause you really, you
really, you don't really have
one big, giant XML file
that would define your user
interface. You would have, you
know, sub pieces to that.
If you had a button
in your application, you'd have
a UI that defines the
look and the feel and
the behaviors of a button,
if you had your bitmap
for your house. Yes. So
let's use that example. So
I've got a house it's
got two floors. Maybe someone
else might have a house
was three's name. I want
to use this. I'm making
one MCL page per floor,
or do I have my,
am I, can I put
the notion of, of, of
navigation within the single CML
and then move back and
forth between the two floors?
Sure. There's really within CML
or really our page model.
You have multiple pages, so
you can navigate forward into
pages. You can navigate back
into pages. Those pages are
defined as yet. Another UI
there's really the base level
markup for creating a button
is the about the same
base level markup for creating
a page pages. Just another
type of UI. It's not
a one to one relationship
between Paige and media center
is a file on the
disc. It can be, but
it doesn't always have to
be. The nice thing about
media center development is you
really have quite a bit
of flexibility for how you
want to build your user
interface. You might have a
page model, for example, one
of the applications that ships
within the SDK as a
sample application, we call it
Z. It very much has
a page, a drill in
model. So you select an
album which then drills you
into that album details. And
then you can do certain
things with that particular page
and then you back out.
But we also there's other
application models that you could
also choose for like your
floors. You might have all
your floors represented in one
horizontal plane and as you
move left and right, or
up and down, those floors
move up and down or
left and right, as you
so desire, you don't need
to drill into a different
page per floor. It's that
floor comes in as expected.
So when I, when I
first heard about this and
I'm sure people on the,
on the, who are listening
are thinking about this as
well, I was like, Oh
no, yet another markup language
couldn't we have done this
in HTML and JavaScript or
SVG or any number of
different angle bracket things. Now
it wasn't some original development
in, in media center done
in HTML Java. Okay. So
our very first platform which
shipped around the year 2003,
the first platform was designed
around a hosted HTML model.
So you use the same
JavaScript, HTML. You could even
use flash inside of that
model. And it was really
just to get people thinking
its original design was to
get people thinking about building
applications that would be remote
controlled. However, there's a certain
fidelity that we ultimately wanted
these applications to be able
to have. And HTML is
you're familiar with can only
get you so far as
far as the fidelity of
the Right. I remember when
I was doing a media
center, extender stuff, trying to
get my old X-Box to
connect. There was this real
clear transition. When you went
from the media center world
into the, and now we're
rendering HTML and it was,
it was fairly Abrupt, abrupt.
Yeah. Now it seems like
everything in media centers got
transitions and transparencies and stuff
like that. Like earlier you
said P and G's. So
I'm trying to think about
what the minimum amount of
effort one could put into
this. It's like, I need
express, that's free a MCM
Mel pad and the SST
K and that's free. What
paid for Vista already. I
can get paint.net and make
some transparent PNGs. I'm not
seeing any additional financial outlay
on my part, which is
good. Cause the wife acceptance
factor will be very low
if I had to pay
for any of this. That
was kind of one of
the goals that we set
out with creating the platform
for media center is really
geared towards hobbyists people that
don't have a ton of
money, but are interested in
bringing some new experiences to
their windows media center. So
we really intentionally kind of
designed this around that. Once
you got windows Vista home
premium or windows Vista, ultimate
the tools that were out
there that are free of
charge would allow you to,
to build this. Now you
can always upgrade the visual
studio and you get, you
know, additional development, help and
efficiencies there, but sure. All
of our sample applications that
we ship in the SDK
compile with express. No problem.
No, you just, you just
reminded me. I mean, I'm,
I'm, I'm a fool. I'm
just thinking that media center
comes with premium home premium.
It's like the second, the
second skew and all of
the skews above that have
have media on the, on
the consumer side, the consumer
side Professional business. Sure, sure.
But home premium, ultimate, this
is all stuff that people
have. So I mean like
my wife has home premium,
so she has this on
her laptop. I didn't even
realize it means she has
a media center. Cool. As
long as she doesn't have
home basic she's she's solid.
That's correct. Okay. So we're
transitioning then from, you said
like in 2003, using HTML
to, to a new markup
language. So obviously there must
have been a reason to
make a new market language,
as opposed to maybe using
something that was off the
shelf for some of the
other markup language of what,
what is it that specialized
about media center that makes
MCL more appropriate for me
to send her and not
one of the other angle
bracket languages? That's a, that's
a really interesting question. We
talked about the host HTML
model when you used it.
There was a very abrupt
transition between I'm in media
center and now I'm in
this other world. It may
work. Okay. But it's a
rather abrupt transition. All of
a sudden I don't have
animations or alpha blendings. It's
it's very snap, snap, snap,
not beautiful UI. So we
looked around at a couple
of options. And the interesting
thing is, is we have
built media center itself in
various flavors of media center,
market language, since its very
beginning. Our UI framework that
we use to build media
center is what we ultimately
said. This works really great.
Why don't we just expose
this for third parties to
build upon? So it was
really a question of we've
got this pretty good UI
framework that we've been able
to build a pretty compelling
product. Why not just make
that available? So that was
kind of the Genesis of
let's, you know, get something
out there that's better. And
there was also a couple
of other wins in that
space. Number one media center,
market language in the UI
framework, the UI renderer was
built from the ground up
to remote to other devices,
such as the Xbox three
60, where the renderer runs
on the Xbox three 60
and we send the markup
over the wire and let
it be native Lee rendered
on the Xbox three 60.
So being able to remote
the UI was very important
for both our experience and
third party experiences. In addition,
it was built from the
ground up to work with
the remote control. So in
any piece of UI that
you build, if you want
it to work with the
remote control, you add basically
one line in the XML
that says this thing can
take key focus and we
manage all of the what's
it sisters and it's siblings
and it's parent and it's
children objects and manage that
focus of that object for
you. You don't have to
create a focus manager and
figure out I'm here. So
I need to move, right?
So I'm going to this
object that just kind of
works automagically for you. So
the remoting of the experiences
and the fact that these
can just work out of
the box with very little
code whatsoever in the markup
with the remote control, where
the two big things that
really drove us to make
this available, You just brought
something up is very interesting.
A lot of people I've
heard just to kind of
like in the hallways, not
the hallways of Microsoft, but
out there, the geeks talking
to the geeks, myself included,
I always assumed it was
remote desktop. That would be,
Oh yeah. Well, you know,
the Xbox remote desktops over
to the media center is
just one of those things
that kids at Fry's say.
Yeah, but that's not RDP.
So for hosted HTML experiences,
yes, it's a terminal server
slash RDP. We're sending over
a whole sales screenshots, you
know, three to five frames
per second. That continues to
be the case for third
party applications built on the
hosted HTML model because there's
really not a remoting strategy
or story around HTML. However,
if you use media center,
markup language, you get the
full fidelity remoting where essentially,
you know, this is Like,
there wouldn't have been a
remoting strategy around HTML unless
I built an entire browser
framework on the, on the
Xbox. Right. Right. So then
even then HTML doesn't have
the concept of key frame
animations. They just, it's not
even present in the language.
You always have to add
something else to the mix
that would also right. And
video video. You showed me
a demo earlier with some
videos spinning around and overlaid
and alpha blended all kind
of simultaneously, if that was
running on an Xbox, that
would just, it would just
run. Cause it's all rendered.
It's all rendered locally on
the Xbox. It would have
the same look, the same
feel. There's no difference. The
sample that I showed you,
we happen to have locally
installed, but that markup could
be delivered from the web.
It would render with the
same fidelity. So To make
some animations, I just got
this idea. I'm thinking if
I have all this power
on the client side, I
can do some crazy stuff
with it. Let's say I've
got my two PNGs of
the top floor of the
house and the bottom floor
of the house. I want
it to look flat. Like
I've got them stacked on
top of each other, you
know like 3d. Yup, yup.
Move up and down between
them. So they'll basically bend
up against the screen and
then go back down again.
Totally doable. Totally doable. But
we have to do this
now. The what a great
sample. The neat thing about
that. I can do that
now. I work here. Yes.
You could do that until
I released that. You could
totally release that. But the
nice thing is you could
have done this, you know,
when we released windows Vista,
because this is all public
platform. So what you've described
that, that transition that animation
is What you're telling me
is that this is not
news that I'm like totally
getting amped about MCL. And
it's like a year and
a half old. I think
it's, I think it's well
it's well, let's see. We,
we publicize the availability of
MCL in mid 2006. So
we're, it's been out there,
but I think it's largely
one of those sleeper technologies
that if you're a windows
media center enthusiast and you're
a developer and you've got
an idea to build a
product and you went and
did a search for what
I need, you would find
as thing you would find
media center, markup language or
our platform. But outside of
that, and we're, we're actually
okay with that, not being
broadly known and it just
grows from a grassroots level.
I will be sure not
to give this podcast to
anyone. I won't be telling
anyone. You can give this
five guests Thinking about all
the 10 because this idea
of 10 foot, right. I
mean, I've got the little
media center keyboard deal. Right,
right, right. I'm not sure
quite how to get some
of this stuff to work
with the Xbox. There's some
trick with the wireless keyboard,
getting the Xbox to respect
the keys. I can do
the arrows, but I can't
do the typing. So generally
speaking, you want your applications
because they're really designed to
be remote controlled usage. You
want to make sure that
your applications only work or
can work just fine with
just up down left. Right?
Okay. And the back button
Onscreen keyboard that's available as
a service or We ship
a onscreen keyboard example in
the Z sample application that
if you need the onscreen
keyboard or text entry functionality
with remote control, you call
leverage the Z sample app.
Just got the idea for
like three things. I want
to make the, the one
with the, the layout of
the house. I can turn
the lights on and off
because I can't be bothered
to get up and walk
across the room. Of course
not. And then I want
to do 10 foot banking,
right? I want to be
able to check my balances
and stuff while watching a
show. Now, can I do
that? Can I be watching
a show and put it
in the corner and do
my banking? You could put
it in the corner or
you could leave the show
up full screen and overlay
your UI alpha blended on
top of the show. It's
a great way to maximize
your time. If, if you're
not into watching commercials, you
can check your bank balance
while you're watching the commercials.
But the show is running
in the background. You've seen
the how media center. If
you bring up the start
menu after you've got full
screen video, we just overlay
the start menu on top
of the full screen video.
So that's totally possible. And
this isn't an MCL question,
but what about like alerts
and stuff? What about does
the caller ID stuff? And
I want to, let's say
that, let's say I want
to build an application where
somebody pushes a button on
the doorbell and I have
a, I have a camera
that's in front of my
house and I want a
popup to happen while I'm
watching my show that someone's
at the front door and
I click it. And then
I see the video of
that guy. How would I
do that? It's totally possible.
The nice thing about when
does the media center presentation
layer applications, as you have
the full power of the.net
framework behind those for coded
applications. So pretty much anything
you can do from an
alert standpoint, you can do
using a manager code and
inter-op that you can get
all of those things. So
if the Xbox has a
renderer, but the Xbox doesn't
have the.net framework. So where's
that code still running on
the server and just the
rendering is heading to, yeah,
That is correct. So the
application is still running in
the context on the PC,
the visuals, what you see,
the visuals are running natively
on the Xbox, which actually
provides you with a very
nice abstraction layer. You don't
have to write it a
different way for current on
the Xbox. You write it
one way and it just
runs fine on the edge.
And because I installed it
locally and I'm kind of
extrapolating, I'm guessing here, but
because I started locally, I
there's no cross site scripting.
We're talking about.net so I
can call out to whatever
domain I want and make
retrieve data. Yeah. There's two
different types of applications that
you can build with this
technology. One is a locally
installed application with full rights.
However you want to get
it. Now, of course we
recommend you don't require people
launch media center with administrator
privileges. That's just not a
good thing. In general speaking,
you don't want to do
that, but pretty much you
have full access to local
machining can do all kinds
of things. The other type
of application that you can
create is think about a
dos blog, for example, today
at outputs HTML, where you
could change DAS blog or
add some stuff so that
it would output M CML
instead, and it would render
full fidelity on media center
or the Mentally designed this.
Now I know it's always
scary when, when I tell
people this, so we've kind
of really taken that's the
web model. So basically there's
no local code. You have
full access to the media
center API. So you can
play back media. You can
turn the volume up or
down. You could get to
Meda data for the currently
playing song. For example, you
have full access to the
media center API as well
as a white list of.net
framework types in the web
model. So we sometimes refer
to this as the codeless
model because you don't have
to push code down to
the local machine whatsoever. You're
somewhat limited in the fact
that you can't get access
to everything in the.net framework,
but I think we've done
a relatively good job with
this version of the sandbox.
It's a, it's very, it's
not even really a sandbox
it's, we're rendering the MCL
that you pushed down to
us and we're giving you
access to our object. Okay?
So there's, there's no browser
though on the Xbox, no
browser. And so how do
I, let's say, let's say
I want to make a
Hanselman com where someone hits
hanselman.com and they're gonna get
MCL. How do I get
my icon into the programs
it's called more programs or
online services section of the
There's the program library library.
There's a whole registration API.
You would have to get
somebody to actually install the
link for your application. Cause
it's not a random browser.
You can't just type www
whatever and go to it.
Okay. Talk to me about
that experience. They log in
locally on their immediate center,
they launched their browser cause
they're locally. They download what
In, in particular case, what
we we tend to recommend
is people have a very
small installer that would just
do the registration of the
application. And basically what that's
doing is registering the web
Adyen that we have built
in the media center that
serves as the host framework
for the web model. And
they're pre supplying it with
a URL for an entry
point for a landing page.
So that when I select
that item in media center,
it launches up the web
add in which provides the
object model to the web
applications and then navigates to
the URL that you have
supplied that. So we use,
there is a little bit,
there's not a, you know,
click through or a browser
gallery, such as that today,
you still have to do
some, some the users has
to do some amount of
work to get that Because
it's a security, there's a
security issue there, right? You
can't just have them willingly
bringing stuff onto their machine
and then running inside of
their media center. It's not
a browser. It's not the
wild wild West. From that
standpoint, When he goes to
my website, they download my
MSI, very small one. I
put down a couple of
just text files really in,
in, in wherever program files,
got an XML file
that describes the application, what
the URL is and so
on and so forth. You
would have a PNG file,
a graphics file that serves
as the image that the
visual representation media center, those
are basically the two things
that you need. And then
that, that MSI would call
the registration API. It would
create that shortcut in media
center, the user would launch
that in media center and
then they're just hitting a
web server at that point.
And I'm just pushing different
markups. So I could use
the setup with DAS blog.
I could use the same
blog post. I just need
to build in like the,
I could have people comment.
I could use the onscreen
keyboard and they could comment
and blah totally possible, totally
possible. I assume there's RSS
reader, applications, people live. We
actually have built the Q
sample application, which is an
RSS uses the windows RSS
feed store to store it.
So you can basically pass
it into a PML file
and it gives you a
pretty radical gratuitous animation, a
DNA helix look and feel
cool. It's kind of gratuitous,
but it works fine. Like
I've got high insulin minutes
subscribed to mine. It picks
up the picture and does
all those interests Singing neat.
So if I have a
feed, a feed reader on
that system, like feed Damon,
that sinks to the RSS
feed store, those feeds are
still gonna, they're going to
be in the same place.
It's the same storage, correct?
The Q Sample application will
work fine with you. Again,
we kind of, we created
it for mics in Oh
six and we kind of
wanted to just have something
flashy. So the UI is
really good to have this.
It's kind of cute. It's
neat. It's not as, Oh,
they're right though. I can
completely and take a little
bit of stuff. So what
other samples are like pretty
awesome. The Q and the
Z sample applications are what
we ship out of the
box. They're really designed to
show best practices, animations. There's
also the MCMs sampler, which
ships with the software development
kit. And it's about 125
different examples of how to
do different things. Excuse me,
125, 125 different samples of
M CML files that show
you how to do data
binding, how to do property
change events and things like
that. Talk to me about
that because an applicate, like
in my example of the
running around in my house
and turning lights on and
off, that's going to be
pretty static and all the
pictures of the pictures. But
if I'm going to pull
data in, where might I
pull it in from, from
web services, It's really up
to you from where you
want to pull your data
in the UI framework, layer
media. So our markup language
is kind of agnostic. It
doesn't really care where that
data comes from. As long
as it's bound in the
CML, it's abstracted in such
a way that we don't
really have to tell it
specifically where to get it.
I'm familiar with binding to
data grids and I'm familiar
with binding and wind forms.
You know, it's just going
to be familiar in this
kind of sense. Some pieces
will be familiar. Some pieces
will not. It's a, it's
a pretty radical shift. If
you're used to doing wind
forms of data grid and
having a property sheet that
you can go in and
hook up. And then visual
studio kind of takes care
of all the plumbing for
you. You really, when you're
working with media, so our
market language have to know
how to do that plumbing
yourself, but the key thing
there to remember about media.
So our market language is
it's really designed for just
the UI visuals. If you
had done that before to
do all the rest and.net
is there to do the
logic and the data from
that standpoint. So once you
wire it up, once you've
created that binding, for example,
let's say you have a
list. We saw an example
of, there were four buttons
in that, in that page,
right? And they said, alpha
beta Charlie Delta, right? And
you're treating them as a
list box, but they're four
buttons. Cause we're talking about
a remote experience, Basically a
UI, which has a look
and feel and behavior, No,
you keep saying UI and
you keep kind of leaning
forward in your chair, which
means that I'm guessing UI
is probably an element in
the XML angle bracket UI.
Cause you're not just meaning
user interface. It's a fundamental
building block AUI. This is
an element in MCL that
I would see in a
UI is any UI element
that can possibly receive focus
or be involved in some
activity, Correct? Correct. It's, it's
really a fundamental building block
for any type of UI.
That UI might be a
page layout that UI might
be an album cover representation.
That UI might be a
button For me. Let's say,
I'm going to put this,
this house diagram together is
the diagram of like the
bottom floor. That's a UI.
But if I want to
hover over, I want to
move the, the remote control
to select the bedroom or
select a bathroom. And I
want to have that highlight
in a shape that overlays
the same as the, is
that a UI? Yeah. There's
a couple of different ways
you could approach that problem.
We'd have to get into
the design of the wire
frames and really kind of
understand how we're going to
lay out this, this experience.
You get the general, but
the UIs can contain other
nested UIs. So you might
have your, your, your floor
plan, right? Your top level
UI in which each of
your bedrooms or rooms in
your house are sub UIs
that have characteristics. Now a
UI is definitely have the
concept of properties, which you
can use the same UI
in multiple places. You just
push different values to it
as it's instantiated. I see.
So it's very rich, very
deep. Cool. All right. So
when people search for this,
I think go looking for
the, they search for the
media center. SDK, is there
a specific version number that
we're looking for? So there's
the current one is version
5.2, the best way to
always get the latest, greatest
bits for that is to
go to media center, sandbox.com.
Okay. And that that's, that's
our team blog. And we
always keep the links for
both the online version of
the SDK, which is just
MSDN documentation, as well as
the installable version, which has
all the sample code and
the tools. We always keep
the links to the most
recent versions of those on
that, on that page. I
already got like, you know,
I can use this in
2005 or orcas Right now.
We just released through Aaron
Stegner's blog. We released some
templates for orcas, orcas, still
beta products. We tend to
not sure, But let's say
that I've got 2005 express.
I've still got that installed
works great. And I go
file new. And there's going
to be media center options,
A media center application that
we just released with the
5.2, which basically there's three
steps. You do, you have
to strong name, sign the
application, copy of that strong
name, key into the registration.
And you're done. You have
basically the, the application that
we saw earlier with the
four buttons, okay. Gives you
that application. And I'm a
developer who's, you know, maybe
I'm From listening to this
podcast and probably a developer.
I don't want to mess
up my machine. This isn't
gagging a whole bunch of
stuff. Or, I mean, is
this going to harm my
machine from the point of
view of it's not going
to affect my day to
day development, right? We're adding
some templates. Are we adding
any add ins? We are,
we have the MCL pad
that we talked about as
well as the MCMs sampler,
those run as media center
applications. So they are installed
in the media center and
they are launched from there.
I, I personally have installed
lots of versions of our
SDK and it's beta incarnations
and they've done the stalls
cleanly. Cool. Just lays a
couple files down because you
know, people always worry about
that. It's is going gonna,
is it going to change
my day to day and
development environment? I don't think
so. I mean, I use
it, I install RSDK all
the time on my main
computers, both here at work
and at home and never
have any problems. I mean,
it's, it's a development platform.
So you have to kind
of integrate like all the
other kinds of add ins
that you would put into
visual studio, correct? Correct. So
all the experiences that you
see that ship out of
the box with visual studio
or visual C sharp express
edition, all of those application
templates are still there. We
just add a couple to
them and like, I'm starting
to get distracted because I'm
trying to figure out how
I'm going to do this
because I'm already, I'm already
to go. And like, I
gotta call my wife and
have her send me the
JPEGs at the plans for
the house. So when I
go file new last question,
I go file new in
is our new projects and
new items or what different
things are at. There's a
new project that you can
select that kind of builds
you out of the basic
level, hello world application that
you can then build upon.
We also include an MCL
file template. So you can
add a new MCL file.
It will have the basics
of the properties, the locals,
the rules and the content.
Cool. Well, Charlie, I really
appreciate you taking the time.
This is a fun first
Microsoft insiders kind of view.
I didn't, I didn't know
that any of this stuff
existed well, now you do.
And now I do, and
I'm going to go and
figure out how to build
these things. And Papale, since
I worked for Microsoft, I
can now email you to
help me anytime. Cool. All
right. Thanks a lot. This
has been an episode of
Hanselminutes and we'll see you
next week. .